alphanumeric key J pressed
alphanumeric key D pressed
'J' released
alphanumeric key X pressed
'D' released
'X' released
alphanumeric key M pressed
alphanumeric key H pressed
alphanumeric key F pressed
'M' released
'F' released
'H' released
special key Key.space pressed
alphanumeric key N pressed
alphanumeric key B pressed
Key.space released
special key Key.cmd_r pressed
Key.cmd_r released
'N' released
special key Key.space pressed
'B' released
Key.space released
special key Key.space pressed
alphanumeric key H pressed
Key.space released
alphanumeric key G pressed
alphanumeric key F pressed
'H' released
'G' released
alphanumeric key K pressed
alphanumeric key U pressed
'F' released
'K' released
'U' released
alphanumeric key G pressed
alphanumeric key L pressed
alphanumeric key B pressed
'G' released
'B' released
alphanumeric key I pressed
'L' released
alphanumeric key H pressed
'I' released
'H' released
alphanumeric key N pressed
'N' released
alphanumeric key M pressed
'M' released
special key Key.backspace pressed
Key.backspace released